Add handover documentation (GSI-154) (#5)
ghga-de/notification-service: .design.md

This is a Python-based service following the Triple Hexagonal Architecture pattern.
It uses protocol/provider pairs and dependency injection mechanisms provided by the
[hexkit](https://github.com/ghga-de/hexkit) library.

### Typical operation

> This service doesn't have a REST API or use a database for anything.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This service doesn't have a REST API.
It is fully stateless and does not require a database.
```

Author: Applied

It's a straightforward service running a Kafka consumer that listens for one kind of event.
Notification events are picked up by the consumer, validated against the Notification event schema, and sent to the Notifier module.
The Notifier looks at the notification event details and determines what to do with it.
Right now, this always means sending an email.

> The information is sent to the SMTP client, where a secure connection is established and the email is dispatched.

Reviewer: Nice but it is more about giving an overview on the functionality and API of the service. Thus this might better go into the description?

### Email Templates

> In the configuration there are two _template requirements: a plaintext email template and an HTML email template. The point of these is to produce consistently formatted emails while keeping the requirements light for microservices trying to send notifications. The templates are both used to make the email. Template variables are denoted with "$", e.g. $recipient_name, and are required to match the notification schema field names defined [here](https://github.com/ghga-de/ghga-event-schemas/blob/8e535ac271e7f27b6132505aad8cf572decc7ab4/ghga_event_schemas/pydantic_.py#L304). Having both HTML and plaintext means everyone should be able to receive the emails without a problem, and most of the time they should look nice. Because email clients like Outlook, Gmail, etc. have differences in the way they render HTML emails, it is recommended that styling be kept to a minimum or to use a pre-made template where these things have been taken into account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the configuration there are two template requirements: a plaintext email template and an HTML email template. The point of these is to produce consistently formatted emails while keeping the requirements light for microservices trying to send notifications. The templates are both used to make the email. Template variables are denoted with "$", e.g. $recipient_name, and are required to match the notification schema field names defined [here](https://github.com/ghga-de/ghga-event-schemas/blob/8e535ac271e7f27b6132505aad8cf572decc7ab4/ghga_event_schemas/pydantic_.py#L304). Having both HTML and plaintext means everyone should be able to receive the emails without a problem, and most of the time they should look nice. Because email clients like Outlook, Gmail, etc. have differences in the way they render HTML emails, it is recommended that styling be kept to a minimum or to use a pre-made template where these things have been taken into account.
```

> In the configuration there are two _template requirements: a plaintext email template and an HTML email template. The point of these is to produce consistently formatted emails while keeping the requirements light for microservices trying to send notifications. The templates are both used to make the email. Template variables are denoted with "$", e.g. $recipient_name, and are required to match the notification schema field names defined [here](https://github.com/ghga-de/ghga-event-schemas/blob/8e535ac271e7f27b6132505aad8cf572decc7ab4/ghga_event_schemas/pydantic_.py#L304). Having both HTML and plaintext means everyone should be able to receive the emails without a problem, and most of the time they should look nice. Because email clients like Outlook, Gmail, etc. have differences in the way they render HTML emails, it is recommended that styling be kept to a minimum or to use a pre-made template where these things have been taken into account.

Reviewer: These are instructions on how to use the service. So this might better go into the description.

Author: Tis moved
